README.md, before:

# GraphMatching
A graph matching library which provides stable and popular matching algorithms for the HR problem.


## Dependencies
clang compiler, cmake, ninja (if desired)


## Installation
    $ mkdir build; cd build
    $ cmake -G "Ninja" ../
    $ ninja

You can replace Ninja with "Unix Makefiles" in the above command.
Then type make to build.

This should build an executable named *graphmatching* inside the build directory.


## Usage
The executable takes a set of parameters to compute the desired matching:

	-s -- compute a stable matching
	-p -- compute a maximum cardinality popular matching
	-m -- compute a maximum cardinality matching
	-h -- compute a feasible matching in a given HRLQ instance
	-e -- compute a maximal envy free matching in an HRLQ instance
	-g -- compute the signature of the matching
	-y -- compute an envy free matching using Yokoi's algorithm in an HRLQ instance
	-d -- compute popular matching for HR2LQ instance using reduction approach
	-k -- compute matching using exact exponential algorithm for SMFQ instances
	-l -- compute matching using LP algorithm for SMFQ instances
	-z -- compute popular matching for HRLQ instance using SEA paper algorithm

To provide an input graph, and the output matching filename:

	-i -- /path/to/graphfile
	-o -- /path/to/store/the/matching

Also, for the -s, -p, and -m parameters, you could specify the resident/hospital
proposing algorithm (by default it runs the resident proposing algorithm).

	-A -- run the resident proposing algorithm
	-B -- run the hospital proposing algorithm

For e.g., to compute a stable matching with the hospitals proposing (assuming inside the build directory):

	$ ./graphmatching -B -s -i ../resources/hrlq_m6.txt -o ../resources/hrlq_m6_stable.txt


## License
MIT

Commit message:

written tester for stable matching

README.md, after:

# GraphMatching
A graph matching library which provides stable and popular matching algorithms for the HR problem.


## Dependencies
clang compiler, cmake, ninja (if desired)


## Installation
    $ mkdir build; cd build
    $ cmake -G "Ninja" ../
    $ ninja

You can replace Ninja with "Unix Makefiles" in the above command.
Then type make to build.

This should build an executable named *graphmatching* inside the build directory.


## Usage
The executable takes a set of parameters to compute the desired matching:

	-s -- compute a stable matching
	-p -- compute a maximum cardinality popular matching
	-m -- compute a maximum cardinality matching
	-h -- compute a feasible matching in a given HRLQ instance
	-e -- compute a maximal envy free matching in an HRLQ instance
	-g -- compute the signature of the matching
	-y -- compute an envy free matching using Yokoi's algorithm in an HRLQ instance
	-d -- compute popular matching for HR2LQ instance using reduction approach
	-k -- compute matching using exact exponential algorithm for SMFQ instances
	-l -- compute matching using LP algorithm for SMFQ instances
	-z -- compute popular matching for HRLQ instance using SEA paper algorithm

To run the code in test mode:

	-t -- test mode

To provide an input graph, and the output matching filename:

	-i -- /path/to/graphfile
	-o -- /path/to/store/the/matching

To print output matching in signature format:

	-g -- print output in signature format

Also, for the -s, -p, and -m parameters, you could specify the resident/hospital
proposing algorithm (by default it runs the resident proposing algorithm).

	-A -- run the resident proposing algorithm
	-B -- run the hospital proposing algorithm

For e.g., to compute a stable matching with the hospitals proposing (assuming inside the build directory):

	$ ./graphmatching -B -s -i ../resources/hrlq_m6.txt -o ../resources/hrlq_m6_stable.txt


## License
MIT
